Add correct path to run NAS ref locally in README (#793)
checkout/checkout-api-reference: README.md

> ## NAS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ABC
```

> For both the NAS and ABC API references, append `/localhost:3001` to all links (including preview ones).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Append `/previous` to all links (including preview ones) for the ABC API reference.
```

3. `npm run start`

The project should then be available at port 3001 (navigate to `localhost:3001` in your browser).

For example:

`localhost:3001` (ABC)

> `localhost:3001/preview/crusoe` (NAS)

Author: Lines 56-60 felt redundant since ABC and NAS refs now use the same thing.

Reviewer: if ABC & NAS are the same URLs, how would we differentiate the two when running them locally?
I think the ABC one is now under http://localhost:3001/previous/ (at least that URL works for me)

Author: Would this be more accurate?

> For example:
> 
> `localhost:3001` (ABC)
> `localhost:3001/previous` (NAS)

Reviewer: Yep, looks correct
